---
layout: post
title:  "How to create a blog post"
date: 2024-02-05
description: A sample post with instructions and tips on how to create a new blog post.   
image: "/assets/img/image5.jpg"
display_image: false  # change this to true to display the image below the banner 
---
<p class="intro"><span class="dropcap">T</span>oday I'm going to do an analysis on the new Utah NHL hockey team. I'll be walking you through my analysis and the steps I took to get there. I'll be discussing how I collected the data as well as how I did my analysis. </p>

### Introduction  

<p>Earlier this year Ryan Smith bought the Arizona Coyotes and brought them here to Utah. Since then a lot of changes have been made to the team. Many players stayed from the Arizona Coyotees, but they've also made a lot of additions to the team. I'm a big hockey fan, so I wanted to do a dive into who is expected to be our best players based on their previous stats.</p>



### Steps

<p>For a project like this after coming up with a research question the first thing to do is find data sources. It's important to look at a website's robots.txt file before using a data source. That's how I decided on which site I was going to scrape data from. The first site I looked at didn't allow the data I wanted to be scraped, but another site did.</p>

<p>The next step is to scrape the data. For my purposes I needed data from two different pages. I started with the page of the roster and scraped the player name, then the goal was to get a url and go to the player's personal page. The url embedded in the page, doesn't go to the page I want, so I had to scrape the player ID and construct the url that I needed. Then I scraped the player stats from that page. I decided that I also wanted some of the information from that was on the original roster page, so I scraped that table as well, but kept it as a separate table. I linked the two in Tableau so that I could include some things like position in this analysis.</p>